Who is so capable?
Active Genting Group's finances
Now you know too
Our Genting Group has encountered an unknown financial crisis
What can you do?
How did I raise you bastards?
Now Genting Group is facing an unknown crisis
None of you have a way
Dong Jun's attack came too suddenly
We weren't prepared.
Yes!
Who would have thought that someone would dare to touch me?
I raise you so that you can solve my problems
I'm not asking you to pass the buck.
How about Xue Zhilong?
Long time no see.
Miss me, this is not a foreign Shengshi Group.
President Alex?
What's he doing here?
Is he eyeing our Genting Group?
Is there any connection or dispute with the Dragon Army?
Hey, it's hard to do now
Shengshi Group is the largest financial group in the world
It seems to have something to do with them
Why are you here?
Haven't seen you in so many years
You're still the same
mighty
I have worked hard for so many years
Just to defeat you one day
I came today.
Just make your Genting Group disappear